content/pages/about.md, before:

---
title: 'About'
image: images/office.jpg
menu:
  main:
    name: "About"
---

## Hi
I'm **Steve Mettraux**. I'm a media engineer from Switzerland. I studied web development, digital marketing strategy, brand developpment and UI/UX design at the HEIG-VD, in Yverdon-les-Bains.

I'm currently working as a Digital Expert @[la Botte Secrète agency](https://www.bottesecrete.agency/), and as a freelance web developer.

### My life
Everyday, I work on finding inspiration for my project driven life. I'm always looking for new challenges and new ways to improve myself.
I usually find inspiration while allowing myself to get lost, would it be in the nature or on the web.

I love to live, learn and create. For this, I love having people around me, and try to find ways to entertain them, ways that I can make them laugh, or inspire them to do something new.

**This is my blog.**
Here you'll find some of my thoughts, and some of my projects. I'll try and keep this blog up to date to share my processes and ideas, while I try and grow my skills.

> You'll probably read about mistakes and failures I made, whether I acknowledged them or not. If you ever have a constructive thought about anything you read here, please contact me and help me grow. ;)

## Steve a light on project
This blog project is a work in progess, but started as a project for one of my fifth semester engineering class at HEIG-VD.

One of the goal of this project was to set up a HUGO blog, to learn how to use it. The other goal was to find inspiration on what I wanted my future work as an engineer to be. For that, we were asked to define our future profession based on our personnal skillset and interests, and then write some articles about what we found on the subject.

### Interests
After a long inner monologue, I found I liked to work with code. But I also am really interested in user experience and experience design. I thought I could try to combine these two to find the job title that best suit me.

I also know that my interests tend to shift regularly, which is why I found it pretty hard to stop on anything particular.

### Ikigai
We were asked to define our ikigai to help us find where we stand in our life and profession. If you don't know what an ikigai is, it is a Japanese word for "to be" or "to do". It has been turned into a diagram / a tool to help you find your purpose in life.

You can usually find it in this way on the internet:
![Ikigai example](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/e540ff_4c9685de770e48cbbea9eb48dd24b67c~mv2.jpeg/v1/fill/w_666,h_628,al_c,q_85,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01/1_qNNzYd3SE1Z09d_IaJOdGA.webp)

But in order to make it easier to read, I present you mine in this format:
![my Ikigai](https://github.com/Smettraux/Hugo/tree/main/resources/static/images/myIkigai.png)

### Skills
>I love **programming**, and am becoming better at it every day.

**Here's a quick overview of the tools I use regularly:**

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](	https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E)
[![VUE.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-35495E?style=for-the-badge&logo=vue.js&logoColor=4FC08D)](https://vuejs.org/)
![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-777BB4?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white)
![Laravel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Laravel-FF2D20?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-00000F?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-F40B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)

**Here are some tools that I have experience with, and that I'd' like to better master**

- · [D3.js](https://d3js.org/)
- · [React.js](https://reactjs.org/)
- · [Svelte.js](https://svelte.dev/)
- · [blender](https://www.blender.org/)
- · [three.js](https://threejs.org/)


>I also love **UX & UI design**, and wish to learn more along the way.


### So ?
So I choose to read and write about front-end development, mixing UX & UI design with programming.



**invita insidiae** Amymonen, semper respiciens vocato, illis! Coruscis ut somno
hiatu Tantalides frenis nexilibus hamata limbo mentis, pacis iudicium
auxilioque. Genus dolori, me ira hae inpediunt tellus, nascendi Boreas!
Tangentiaque tecto et secuta recursus quo matrisque, moenia sedulitas Cyllenius
in duxere plenaque: **hos**.

1. Olim pulvere
2. Verus ego ovantem mihi
3. Tenuit erat semina superari
4. Dabis natis hoc genu in quidem dumque

Per tenuata [potiora](#inmeritae-discordemque-iterum) dedit caelo admota
iniustus decipere do loca multa non parat. Ingratos his ut inde credite sensit
sorte. Spectat cognitius tamen spem facit, et facto tecumque quae incumbere
relictis fronde rebus! Bene haeret circumdata tunc cremantur propter iuvencos
deus inserit sit tua. Pompa non precor procumbit inania lacrimas sacra credetis:
Oceano, femina?

Bacchantum neque. Humum ut violasse quam inmotos! Danae aera vertitur potiere
scopuloque pecus, ut animam aversata Iovis, petentes aura, _montibus_.

Commit message:

Blog post: Is UX design a separate practice from game design ?

content/pages/about.md, after:

---
title: 'About'
image: images/office.jpg
menu:
  main:
    name: "About"
---

## Hi
I'm **Steve Mettraux**. I'm a media engineer from Switzerland. I studied web development, digital marketing strategy, brand developpment and UI/UX design at the HEIG-VD, in Yverdon-les-Bains.

I'm currently working as a Digital Expert @[la Botte Secrète agency](https://www.bottesecrete.agency/), and as a freelance web developer.

### My life
Everyday, I work on finding inspiration for my project driven life. I'm always looking for new challenges and new ways to improve myself.
I usually find inspiration while allowing myself to get lost, would it be in the nature or on the web.

I love to live, learn and create. For this, I love having people around me, and try to find ways to entertain them, ways that I can make them laugh, or inspire them to do something new.

**This is my blog.**
Here you'll find some of my thoughts, and some of my projects. I'll try and keep this blog up to date to share my processes and ideas, while I try and grow my skills.

> You'll probably read about mistakes and failures I made, whether I acknowledged them or not. If you ever have a constructive thought about anything you read here, please contact me and help me grow. ;)

## Steve a light on project
This blog project is a work in progess, but started as a project for one of my fifth semester engineering class at HEIG-VD.

One of the goal of this project was to set up a HUGO blog, to learn how to use it. The other goal was to find inspiration on what I wanted my future work as an engineer to be. For that, we were asked to define our future profession based on our personnal skillset and interests, and then write some articles about what we found on the subject.

### Interests
After a long inner monologue, I found I liked to work with code. But I also am really interested in user experience and experience design. I thought I could try to combine these two to find the job title that best suit me.

I also know that my interests tend to shift regularly, which is why I found it pretty hard to stop on anything particular.

### Ikigai
We were asked to define our ikigai to help us find where we stand in our life and profession. If you don't know what an ikigai is, it is a Japanese word for "to be" or "to do". It has been turned into a diagram / a tool to help you find your purpose in life.

You can usually find it in this way on the internet:
![Ikigai example](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/e540ff_4c9685de770e48cbbea9eb48dd24b67c~mv2.jpeg/v1/fill/w_666,h_628,al_c,q_85,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01/1_qNNzYd3SE1Z09d_IaJOdGA.webp)

But in order to make it easier to read, I present you mine in this format:
![my Ikigai](https://github.com/Smettraux/Hugo/blob/master/static/images/myIkigai.png?raw=true)

I first thought I'd try and work in something UX related, as I really love story telling, and how it helps bringing to life a concept. As I went deeper in researching level design and game development, I found that I'd like to stick to the web development side of things, to ensure my formation wouldn't go to waste as I progress as a developer.


### Skills
>I love **programming**, and am becoming better at it every day.

**Here's a quick overview of the tools I use regularly:**

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](	https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E)
[![VUE.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-35495E?style=for-the-badge&logo=vue.js&logoColor=4FC08D)](https://vuejs.org/)
![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-777BB4?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white)
![Laravel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Laravel-FF2D20?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-00000F?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-F40B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)

**Here are some tools that I have experience with, and that I'd' like to better master**

- · [D3.js](https://d3js.org/)
- · [React.js](https://reactjs.org/)
- · [Svelte.js](https://svelte.dev/)
- · [blender](https://www.blender.org/)
- · [three.js](https://threejs.org/)


>I also love **UX & UI design**, and wish to learn more along the way.


### So ?
So I choose to read and write about front-end development, mixing UX & UI design with programming, at least for now. I sure hope that I'll find a stable enough job in the near future for me to continue working and learning more about level design and game development on the side.

## Go find my latest blog posts !
Now you know me a little bit better, I hope you'll stick around and [read my blog](/posts/) !
